docs/datamodel.md, before:

# Data Model

<!--
################################################################################
record
################################################################################
-->
<a name="record"></a>

## Record

A record is how the data is represented and stored in the database. A record represented as an object. The keys of the object are the names of the fields (bins) of a record. The values for each field can either be Integer, String, Array,  Buffer or an Object itself.

Note: Array can contain an array or an object as a value in it. Similarly the object can contain an array or an object as a value in it. Essentially nesting of arrays in an object, and nesting of objects in an array is allowed.


Example of a record with 5 fields:

```js
var record = {
  int_bin  : 123,
  str_bin  : "xyz",
  buff_bin : new Buffer("hello world!"),
  arr_bin  : [1, 2, 3],
  obj_bin  : { num: 123, str : "abc", buff: new Buffer([0xa, 0xb, 0xc])}
}
```

<!--
################################################################################
metadata
################################################################################
-->
<a name="metadata"></a>

## Metadata

Some operations allow you to provide metadata with a record, including:

- `gen` – (optional) The generation (version) of the record. Must be an Integer.
- `ttl` – (optional) The time-to-live (expiration) of the record. Must be an Integer.

Example:

```js
var metadata = {
  gen: 1,
  ttl: 6000
}
```

<!--
################################################################################
key
################################################################################
-->
<a name="key"></a>

## Key

A record is addressable via its key. A key is an object containing:

- `ns` — The namespace of the key. Must be a String.
- `set` – (optional) The set of the key. Must be a String.
- `key` – (optional) The value of the key. May be either Integer, String or Buffer.
- `digest` – (optional) The digest value of the current key. Must be a Buffer.

A key can be defined as an object or using [`aerospike.key()`](aerospike.md#key):
For each operation, either a key value or a digest value must be present.

Example:

```js
var key = {
  ns: "test",
  set: "demo",
  key: 123
}
```

Alternatively:

```js
aerospike.key("test", "demo", 123)
```
<!--
################################################################################
UDFArgs
################################################################################
-->
<a name="UDFArgs"></a>

## UDFArgs

Arguments to execute a UDF in the database.

- `module`   – The UDF module name to be invoked in the database.
- `funcname` – The UDF function to be invoked in the database.
- `args`	 - (optional) The arguments to be passed to the UDF function.
Example:

```js
var udfArgs = {
  module: udf_module,
  funcname: udf_funcname,
  args: [123, "str"]
}
```


<!--
################################################################################
error
################################################################################
-->
<a name="error"></a>

## Error

Error is an object which is populated with the status of client operations. The
`code` attribute is set for all operations. On success, it will be
`AEROSPIKE_OK`. On failure, the `code` will not be `AEROSPIKE_OK` and the other
attributes will be populated.

Attributes:

- `code`    – Is a constant of type [`Status`](status.md), it is the return status of any database operation.
- `file`    – The file in which the error occured.
- `func`    – The function in which the error occured.
- `line`    – The line number in which the error occured.

Commit message:

Enhanced docs for double support

docs/datamodel.md, after:

# Data Model

<!--
################################################################################
record
################################################################################
-->
<a name="record"></a>

## Record

A record is how the data is represented and stored in the database. A record represented as an object. The keys of the object are the names of the fields (bins) of a record. The values for each field can either be Number, String, Array,  Buffer or an Object itself. Aerospike supports Integer, double, string, bytes, array and map datatypes. All the decimal values with valid fractions `(123.45, 123.4)` will be stored as double in aerospike. To store decimal values with 0 fraction as double, [`aerospike.Double()`](aerospike.md#Double).

Note: Array can contain an array or an object as a value in it. Similarly the object can contain an array or an object as a value in it. Essentially nesting of arrays in an object, and nesting of objects in an array is allowed.


Example of a record with 5 fields:

```js
var record = {
  int_bin  : 123,
  str_bin  : "xyz",
  buff_bin : new Buffer("hello world!"),
  arr_bin  : [1, 2, 3],
  obj_bin  : { num: 123, str : "abc", buff: new Buffer([0xa, 0xb, 0xc])}
}
```

<!--
################################################################################
metadata
################################################################################
-->
<a name="metadata"></a>

## Metadata

Some operations allow you to provide metadata with a record, including:

- `gen` – (optional) The generation (version) of the record. Must be an Integer.
- `ttl` – (optional) The time-to-live (expiration) of the record. Must be an Integer.

Example:

```js
var metadata = {
  gen: 1,
  ttl: 6000
}
```

<!--
################################################################################
key
################################################################################
-->
<a name="key"></a>

## Key

A record is addressable via its key. A key is an object containing:

- `ns` — The namespace of the key. Must be a String.
- `set` – (optional) The set of the key. Must be a String.
- `key` – (optional) The value of the key. May be either Integer, String or Buffer.
- `digest` – (optional) The digest value of the current key. Must be a Buffer.

A key can be defined as an object or using [`aerospike.key()`](aerospike.md#key):
For each operation, either a key value or a digest value must be present.

Example:

```js
var key = {
  ns: "test",
  set: "demo",
  key: 123
}
```

Alternatively:

```js
aerospike.key("test", "demo", 123)
```
<!--
################################################################################
UDFArgs
################################################################################
-->
<a name="UDFArgs"></a>

## UDFArgs

Arguments to execute a UDF in the database.

- `module`   – The UDF module name to be invoked in the database.
- `funcname` – The UDF function to be invoked in the database.
- `args`	 - (optional) The arguments to be passed to the UDF function.
Example:

```js
var udfArgs = {
  module: udf_module,
  funcname: udf_funcname,
  args: [123, "str"]
}
```


<!--
################################################################################
error
################################################################################
-->
<a name="error"></a>

## Error

Error is an object which is populated with the status of client operations. The
`code` attribute is set for all operations. On success, it will be
`AEROSPIKE_OK`. On failure, the `code` will not be `AEROSPIKE_OK` and the other
attributes will be populated.

Attributes:

- `code`    – Is a constant of type [`Status`](status.md), it is the return status of any database operation.
- `file`    – The file in which the error occured.
- `func`    – The function in which the error occured.
- `line`    – The line number in which the error occured.
