docs/filters.md, before:

# Filters

Filters object provides functions to easily apply filters to be performed on a given query via [`query()`](client.md#query)
function

Example:

```js
var filter = aerospike.filter

var queryArgs = {
  filters: [
    filter.equal('a', 'hello')
  ]
}

client.query(ns, set, queryArgs)
```

<a name="Functions"></a>
## Functions

<!--
################################################################################
equal()
################################################################################
-->
<a name="equal"></a>

### equal(bin, value)

Apply an equality filter criteria on a bin that is indexed. The bin must contain either String or Integer,
and the value must be of the same type.

Parameters:

- `bin`         – The name of the bin to apply the filter to.
- `value`       – The equality of this value will be checked for the given bin.

```js
filter.equal('a', 'hello')
filter.equal('b', 123)
```

<!--
################################################################################
range()
################################################################################
-->
<a name="range"></a>

### range(bin, min, max)

Apply a range filter criteria on a bin that is indexed. The bin must contain an Integer,
and the value must be of the same type.

Parameters:

- `bin`         – The name of the bin to apply the filter to.
- `min`         – The minimum value of the bin, the records with bin value equal to or greater than
                  min will be returned as part of query result (min value is inclusive).
- `max`         - The maximum value of the bin, the records with bin value equal to or less than max
                  will be returned as part of query result ( max value is inclusive).
```js
filter.range('b', 1, 1000)
```

Commit message:

add notice about v2 pre-release, links to v2 apidocs

docs/filters.md, after:

This document covers the 1.x version of the Aerospike Node.js client. The API
documentation for the alpha release of the new 2.0 client is
[available here](http://www.aerospike.com/apidocs/nodejs/).

# Filters

Filters object provides functions to easily apply filters to be performed on a given query via [`query()`](client.md#query)
function

Example:

```js
var filter = aerospike.filter

var queryArgs = {
  filters: [
    filter.equal('a', 'hello')
  ]
}

client.query(ns, set, queryArgs)
```

<a name="Functions"></a>
## Functions

<!--
################################################################################
equal()
################################################################################
-->
<a name="equal"></a>

### equal(bin, value)

Apply an equality filter criteria on a bin that is indexed. The bin must contain either String or Integer,
and the value must be of the same type.

Parameters:

- `bin`         – The name of the bin to apply the filter to.
- `value`       – The equality of this value will be checked for the given bin.

```js
filter.equal('a', 'hello')
filter.equal('b', 123)
```

<!--
################################################################################
range()
################################################################################
-->
<a name="range"></a>

### range(bin, min, max)

Apply a range filter criteria on a bin that is indexed. The bin must contain an Integer,
and the value must be of the same type.

Parameters:

- `bin`         – The name of the bin to apply the filter to.
- `min`         – The minimum value of the bin, the records with bin value equal to or greater than
                  min will be returned as part of query result (min value is inclusive).
- `max`         - The maximum value of the bin, the records with bin value equal to or less than max
                  will be returned as part of query result ( max value is inclusive).
```js
filter.range('b', 1, 1000)
```
