docs/largelist.md, before:

# LargeList Class

Create and Manage a list within a single bin.

```js
var aerospike = require('aerospike')
var config    = {hosts: [ addr: localhost, port: 3000]}
var client    = aerospike.client(config)
var key       = {ns: 'test', set: 'demo', key: 'llistKey'}
var policy    = {timeout: 1000}
var binName   = 'LDTbin'
var createModule = 'ListInitializer'
var llist     = client.LargeList(key, binName, policy);

```
Parameters:

- `key`         - A [Key object](datamodel.md#key), used to locate the record in the cluster.
- `binName`     - Name of the LDT bin.
- `policy`      - (optional) A [Apply Policy object](policies.md#ApplyPolicy) to use for this operation.
- `createModule`- (optional) Lua function name that initializes list configuration parameters, pass null for default list.

`LargeList` has following APIs to modify a LargeList in the Aerospike server.

- [add(value)](#add)
- [add([values])](#addArray)
- [destroy()](#destroy)
- [filter()](#filter)
- [find(key)](#find)
- [find(key, filter)](#findThenFilter)
- [getConfig()](#getConfig)
- [findRange(begin, end)](#range)
- [findRange(begin, end, filter)](#rangeThenFilter)
- [remove(value)](#remove)
- [remove([values])](#removeArray)
- [removeRange(begin, end)](#removeRange)
- [scan()](#scan)
- [size()](#size)
- [update(value)](#update)
- [update([values])](#updateArray)

<a name="methods"></a>
##Methods

<!--
################################################################################
add(value)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="add"></a>

###add(value, callback)
Add value to list. Fail if value's key exists and list is configured for unique keys. If value is a map,
the key is identified by "key" entry. Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist,
create it using specified userModule configuration.

Parameters:

- `value`   - Value to add
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
llist.add({'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtvalue'}, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})

```

<!--
################################################################################
add([values])
################################################################################
-->

<a name="addArray"></a>

###add([values], callback)
Add an array of values to list. Fail if value's key exists and list is configured for unique keys. If value is a map,
the key is identified by "key" entry. Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist,
create it using specified userModule configuration.

Parameters:

- `[value]`   - Values to add
- `callback`  - The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`     - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                the operation.
- `response`  - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
var valArray = [{'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtvalue'}, {'key': 'ldt_array', 'value': 'ldtarrayvalue'}]
llist.add(valArray, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
update(value)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="update"></a>

###update(value, callback)
Update/Add each value in array depending if key exists or not. If value is a map, the key is identified by "key" entry.
Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist, create it using specified userModule configuration.

Parameters:

- `value`    - Value to update
- `callback` - The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`    - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
               the operation.
- `response` - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
llist.update({'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtupdatedvalue'}, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
update([values])
################################################################################
-->

<a name="updateArray"></a>
Update/Add each value in values in the list depending if key exists or not. If value is a map, the key is
identified by "key" entry. Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist, create it using
specified userModule configuration.

###update([values], callback)

Parameters:

- `[value]` - Values to update
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
var valArray = [{'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtupdatevalue'}, {'key': 'ldt_array', 'value': 'ldtarrayupdatedvalue'}]
llist.update(valArray, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
remove(value)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="remove"></a>

###remove(value, callback)
Delete value from list
Parameters:

- `value`   - Value to delete
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
llist.remove({'key': 'ldt_key'}, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
remove([values])
################################################################################
-->

<a name="removeArray"></a>
Delete values from list

###remove([values], callback)

Parameters:

- `[value]` - Values to delete
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
var valArray = [{'key': 'ldt_key'}, {'key': 'ldt_array'}]
llist.remove(valArray, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
removeRange(begin, end)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="removeRange"></a>

###removeRange(begin, end, callback)

Delete values from list between a given range.

Parameters:
- `begin` - low value of the range (inclusive).
- `end`   - high value of the range (inclusive).
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The count of entries removed.

Example:
```js
llist.remove('begin', 'end', function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
find()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="find"></a>

###find(value, callback)

Select values from list.

Parameters:
- `value`   - value to select.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- List of entries selected.

Example:
```js
llist.find('search_key', function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
find(val, filter)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="findThenFilter"></a>

###find(value, udfArgs, callback)

Select values from list and apply  specified Lua filter.

Parameters:
- `value`   - value to select.
- `filter` - A [UDFArgs object](datamodel.md#UDFArgs) used for specifying LUA file, function
              and arguments to Lua function.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- List of entries selected.

Example:
```js
var filter = {module: 'udf_module', funcname: 'udf_function', args: ['abc', 123, 4.5]}
llist.find('search_key', filter, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
findRange()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="range"></a>

###findRange(begin, end, callback)

Select a range of values from the large list.

Parameters:
- `begin` - low value of the range (inclusive).
- `end`   - high value of the range (inclusive).
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The list of entries selected.

Example:
```js
llist.findRange('begin', 'end', function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
findRange(begin, end, filter)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="rangeThenFilter"></a>

###findRange(begin, end, filter, callback)

Select a range of values from the large list, then apply a Lua filter.

Parameters:
- `begin` - low value of the range (inclusive).
- `end`   - high value of the range (inclusive).
- `filter`- A [UDFArgs object](datamodel.md#UDFArgs) used for specifying the Lua file, function
             and arguments to the Lua function.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The list of entries selected.

Example:
```js

var filter = {module: 'udf_module', funcname: 'udf_function', args: ['abc', 123, 4.5]}
llist.findRange('begin', 'end', filter, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
scan()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="scan"></a>

###scan(callback)

Select all the objects in the list.

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- All the entries in the list.

Example:
```js
llist.scan(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
filter()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="filter"></a>

###filter(udfArgs, callback)

Select values from the list and apply specified Lua filter.

Parameters:
- `udfArgs` - A [UDFArgs object](datamodel.md#UDFArgs) used for specifying for specifying the Lua file, function
              and arguments to the Lua function.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`-list of entries selected.

Example:
```js
var udfargs = {module: 'udf_module', funcname: 'udf_function', args: ['abc', 123, 4.5]}
llist.filter(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
destroy()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="destroy"></a>

###destroy(callback)

Delete bin containing the list.

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- `undefined`

Example:
```js
llist.destroy(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
size()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="size"></a>

###size(callback)

To retrieve the size of the list

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- Size of the list.

Example:
```js
llist.size(function (error, respone){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```
<!--
################################################################################
getConfig()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="getConfig"></a>

###getConfig(callback)

To get the list configuration parameters.

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- Map of list configuration parameters.

Example:
```js
llist.getConfig(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

Commit message:

add notice about v2 pre-release, links to v2 apidocs

docs/largelist.md, after:

This document covers the 1.x version of the Aerospike Node.js client. The API
documentation for the alpha release of the new 2.0 client is
[available here](http://www.aerospike.com/apidocs/nodejs/).

# LargeList Class

Create and Manage a list within a single bin.

```js
var aerospike = require('aerospike')
var config    = {hosts: [ addr: localhost, port: 3000]}
var client    = aerospike.client(config)
var key       = {ns: 'test', set: 'demo', key: 'llistKey'}
var policy    = {timeout: 1000}
var binName   = 'LDTbin'
var createModule = 'ListInitializer'
var llist     = client.LargeList(key, binName, policy);

```
Parameters:

- `key`         - A [Key object](datamodel.md#key), used to locate the record in the cluster.
- `binName`     - Name of the LDT bin.
- `policy`      - (optional) A [Apply Policy object](policies.md#ApplyPolicy) to use for this operation.
- `createModule`- (optional) Lua function name that initializes list configuration parameters, pass null for default list.

`LargeList` has following APIs to modify a LargeList in the Aerospike server.

- [add(value)](#add)
- [add([values])](#addArray)
- [destroy()](#destroy)
- [filter()](#filter)
- [find(key)](#find)
- [find(key, filter)](#findThenFilter)
- [getConfig()](#getConfig)
- [findRange(begin, end)](#range)
- [findRange(begin, end, filter)](#rangeThenFilter)
- [remove(value)](#remove)
- [remove([values])](#removeArray)
- [removeRange(begin, end)](#removeRange)
- [scan()](#scan)
- [size()](#size)
- [update(value)](#update)
- [update([values])](#updateArray)

<a name="methods"></a>
##Methods

<!--
################################################################################
add(value)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="add"></a>

###add(value, callback)
Add value to list. Fail if value's key exists and list is configured for unique keys. If value is a map,
the key is identified by "key" entry. Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist,
create it using specified userModule configuration.

Parameters:

- `value`   - Value to add
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
llist.add({'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtvalue'}, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})

```

<!--
################################################################################
add([values])
################################################################################
-->

<a name="addArray"></a>

###add([values], callback)
Add an array of values to list. Fail if value's key exists and list is configured for unique keys. If value is a map,
the key is identified by "key" entry. Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist,
create it using specified userModule configuration.

Parameters:

- `[value]`   - Values to add
- `callback`  - The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`     - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                the operation.
- `response`  - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
var valArray = [{'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtvalue'}, {'key': 'ldt_array', 'value': 'ldtarrayvalue'}]
llist.add(valArray, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
update(value)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="update"></a>

###update(value, callback)
Update/Add each value in array depending if key exists or not. If value is a map, the key is identified by "key" entry.
Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist, create it using specified userModule configuration.

Parameters:

- `value`    - Value to update
- `callback` - The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`    - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
               the operation.
- `response` - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
llist.update({'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtupdatedvalue'}, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
update([values])
################################################################################
-->

<a name="updateArray"></a>
Update/Add each value in values in the list depending if key exists or not. If value is a map, the key is
identified by "key" entry. Otherwise, the value is the key. If large list does not exist, create it using
specified userModule configuration.

###update([values], callback)

Parameters:

- `[value]` - Values to update
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
var valArray = [{'key': 'ldt_key', 'value': 'ldtupdatevalue'}, {'key': 'ldt_array', 'value': 'ldtarrayupdatedvalue'}]
llist.update(valArray, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
remove(value)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="remove"></a>

###remove(value, callback)
Delete value from list
Parameters:

- `value`   - Value to delete
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
llist.remove({'key': 'ldt_key'}, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
remove([values])
################################################################################
-->

<a name="removeArray"></a>
Delete values from list

###remove([values], callback)

Parameters:

- `[value]` - Values to delete
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- The value returned from by the LDT function `add`.

Example:
```js
var valArray = [{'key': 'ldt_key'}, {'key': 'ldt_array'}]
llist.remove(valArray, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
removeRange(begin, end)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="removeRange"></a>

###removeRange(begin, end, callback)

Delete values from list between a given range.

Parameters:
- `begin` - low value of the range (inclusive).
- `end`   - high value of the range (inclusive).
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The count of entries removed.

Example:
```js
llist.remove('begin', 'end', function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
find()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="find"></a>

###find(value, callback)

Select values from list.

Parameters:
- `value`   - value to select.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- List of entries selected.

Example:
```js
llist.find('search_key', function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
find(val, filter)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="findThenFilter"></a>

###find(value, udfArgs, callback)

Select values from list and apply  specified Lua filter.

Parameters:
- `value`   - value to select.
- `filter` - A [UDFArgs object](datamodel.md#UDFArgs) used for specifying LUA file, function
              and arguments to Lua function.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- List of entries selected.

Example:
```js
var filter = {module: 'udf_module', funcname: 'udf_function', args: ['abc', 123, 4.5]}
llist.find('search_key', filter, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
findRange()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="range"></a>

###findRange(begin, end, callback)

Select a range of values from the large list.

Parameters:
- `begin` - low value of the range (inclusive).
- `end`   - high value of the range (inclusive).
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The list of entries selected.

Example:
```js
llist.findRange('begin', 'end', function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
findRange(begin, end, filter)
################################################################################
-->

<a name="rangeThenFilter"></a>

###findRange(begin, end, filter, callback)

Select a range of values from the large list, then apply a Lua filter.

Parameters:
- `begin` - low value of the range (inclusive).
- `end`   - high value of the range (inclusive).
- `filter`- A [UDFArgs object](datamodel.md#UDFArgs) used for specifying the Lua file, function
             and arguments to the Lua function.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`  - The list of entries selected.

Example:
```js

var filter = {module: 'udf_module', funcname: 'udf_function', args: ['abc', 123, 4.5]}
llist.findRange('begin', 'end', filter, function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
scan()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="scan"></a>

###scan(callback)

Select all the objects in the list.

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- All the entries in the list.

Example:
```js
llist.scan(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
filter()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="filter"></a>

###filter(udfArgs, callback)

Select values from the list and apply specified Lua filter.

Parameters:
- `udfArgs` - A [UDFArgs object](datamodel.md#UDFArgs) used for specifying for specifying the Lua file, function
              and arguments to the Lua function.
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`-list of entries selected.

Example:
```js
var udfargs = {module: 'udf_module', funcname: 'udf_function', args: ['abc', 123, 4.5]}
llist.filter(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
destroy()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="destroy"></a>

###destroy(callback)

Delete bin containing the list.

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- `undefined`

Example:
```js
llist.destroy(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```

<!--
################################################################################
size()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="size"></a>

###size(callback)

To retrieve the size of the list

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- Size of the list.

Example:
```js
llist.size(function (error, respone){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```
<!--
################################################################################
getConfig()
################################################################################
-->

<a name="getConfig"></a>

###getConfig(callback)

To get the list configuration parameters.

Parameters:
- `callback`- The function to call when the operation completes with the results of the operation.

The parameters for `callback` argument:

- `error`   - The [Error object](datamodel.md#error) representing the status of
                  the operation.
- `response`- Map of list configuration parameters.

Example:
```js
llist.getConfig(function (error, response){
  if (error && error.code !== status.AEROSPIKE_OK) {
    // handle failure
  } else {
    // handle success
  }
})
```
